# Day- Thursday
# Date-31/7/25
# Induction- Day1
On my first day ,first I reached Gurudwara Sahib at 8:30 and observe the shape of gurudwara sahib.We see that the gurudwara sahib is very beautiful and I am surprised to know about that the shape of gurudwara sahib is similar to ship .
The gurbani/ shabad kirtan recited by kirtani jatha.After recited the shabad kirtan.we observe gurbani is very interesting in itself and learn many different values from gurbani like humanity etc.
 Now the time to have tea at 9:30.I take tea and snacks.
 After take tea I reached outside the auditorium at10am to attend the inaugural ceremony and first I registered herslef.
Then I entered in the auditorium.In the auditorium principal sir,HODs,chief guests and faculty members are present there.
 firstly Dr.Akshay Gidhar Sir introduce himself and inspired us.
 Dr.sehajpal Singh who is  principal of the college congratulate us and tell about the college.
 Rajinder Garg who was guest of the honour tell us about the trainig and placement and also motivated us 
 Dr.Kulwinder Singh Maan who is the head of department also motivated us.
Then we explore the labs where we will do practicals.Our mentors tells us about the branch and also tells about the trainig and placement.They also introduce various clubs and motivated us to join the club and participate in various activities.
# Day 2
On day 2,I reached the college at 9:20. My room no.is 109.My first class started at 9:30 and in the first class our english proficiency test  started.After completed the english test,Our math proficiency test started.After that I enjoyed the break till 1:00.In the auditorium,Dr.Arashdeep Singh provided the knowledge about the food.Last session was given by causmic club and launch of induction activities.The knowledge about the induction activities was given by our seniors.Our seniors also entertained us.
# Day 3
On the day 3,I reached the college at 8:45.On this day firstly epert lecturer Dr.Jaswinder Singh  tells us some tricks and method to understand the science and mathematics.Sir also tells about the importance of god and prayer in our life.sir also motivated us how can we become a successful person in our life.Our second session was started at 11am and this session was given by Priya Darshni Mam.Mam tells about that how can we acheive the goal and how can we stay happy.Mam tells about what is the real happiness and tell the difference between the excitement and hapiness.
# Day 4
On that day our first lecture started at 9:30.Prof.Mandeep Kaur who is chemistry teacher introduced how can we use chemistry in our daily life and tells us what is the importance of chemistry in pur daily life. I like her way to teach the students.Mam also tells us some important human values.Then mam discuss about the syllabus of chemistry.I enjoyed her lecture till 10:30.Now our next lecture was started at 10:30.In that lecture our seniors tells us about programming language and talk about that how can we use it.They tells us basic information which is important to learn any programming language.Firstly they talk about C++.They tells us syntax of the language and about algorithm also.I like their way to teach and deal with the students.I also enjoyed their lecture till 11:30.After that our break was started at 11:30.I ate my lunch and have fun with friends.After the break,the lecture of Universal Human Values started at 12:30.After that Session was conducted by causim club.They talk about the activities.After that our seniors tells us about the types,advantages and disadvantages of laptop.which one was the best if we want to purchase according to our budget.This information is very uesful for me in our life.I like that topic and i heared very carefully till 3:30.Now the time to go back home from the college.
